I want you to stare into the spiral and
relax letting it pull you in as you take
deep breaths in and let them out and as
you stare into the spiral you realize
it's like a vortex drawing you in deeper
and deeper inside of it and you just
feel so more relaxed and so more at ease
as you stare deeper and deeper into it
and you becoming so relaxed and so at
ease but you just feel a wave of
luxation wash up your legs and you no
longer feel the need or want to move and
you just stare deeper and deeper into
the spiral continuing to take deep
breaths in and letting them out you feel
that same wave of relaxation wash up
your torso and down your arms and you
just feel so much more relaxed and so
much more at ease and as you take one
final huge deep breath in and
let it out you feel the wave of
relaxation wash up your head and now
you're completely relaxed and completely
at ease and you now realize you no
longer want to think you want me to
think for you
you want me to have your mind you want
me to have control when I count down
from five to zero you will do just that
you will give me your mind give me
control five four three two one zero
your mind is now mine and you love this
feeling and all you want to do is sit
and listen to my words
in fact that's all you ever want to do
for anybody is sit and listen to their
words and as you think about this you
realize no matter how hard you try you
cannot talk you have effectively become
a mute but you're okay with this because
this is something you wanted and it's
part of you and as you stare deeper and
deeper into the spiral and listen to my
words you feel your voice leaving you
more and more this just makes you feel
so happy and now when I in this video
you will be a mute for the next hour
after that hour is up you over gain your
voice you will subscribe to my channel
if you haven't already and like this
video you will also leave a comment
saying I am mu
you